the kiss party good today I wanted to
Recibitinha and today I'm going to make a pancake
of banana
so she just wants her most of the
ingredients that will make the band
then this reflected in the channel and flávia
whenever I'm hungry like that on the
and always make caption too
So I'll go and we'll start there.
woman springs up there we already have a
take all the experiences
Here banana because I do not like giving a
unique sense of commendation war then
shoot everything and now we just put
that gather the egg and knead banana
now it will only show a little more the
egg with the banana that a lord who is already
so tiny and I'll just put the
link and I look a little bit now I already said
here is how we are and if in the placement
his
Now we're going to get a spatula.
send it nice with them so it's like this
will be an orphan that is a skin that is now
plus ask why you always
delicious from Brazil making God's face
all alone
You did it for a pinch of salt.
but also I like it so we
It's a delight series
Good people, this is what you want.
dinner now does not know what to do and has
a banana in your house or else that's it
I really hope you enjoyed it.
like this type of video comment here
underneath I do much more for you
So this is a kiss and see you tomorrow